add conscious embedding functionality (#30)
feinheit/feincms3-cookiecontrol: README.rst

   The preferred way to embed the panel is using the template tag. The template
   tag method only requires an additional request for a static asset while the
   method using a view requires an additional request to a view.

Selectively embed iframes or other third party scripts
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If users do not consent to your cookie policy, embedding third party scripts or iframes
might violate data protection laws, since personal data is transfered to a third party
without the users knowledge or consent. One way is to disable third party content
alltogether or selectively asking users to consent to the data policies of specific
providers. The letter is accomplished by the 'conscious embed' functionality.

Extend default providers in your ``settings.py``:

.. code-block:: code-python

  CONSCIOUS_EMBED_PROVIDERS = {
    "some-third-party-provider.com": "https://some-third-party-provider.com/privacy",
  }

> Encase your the embedded code with the template block ``feincms3_conscious_embed``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Surround the embedded code with the template block ``conscious_embed``:
```
